2.75
Region Panel added some of the the overrides and global region settings. These can be sorted as well.
Also, the Height and Width you last used are saved and restored.
Start/Stop/Restart All Buttons added to Region Panel
Region Chooser fixed to have New Name at top.

2.74 
Teleports 2.4 fix - these do not spam the console.  Does not require any settings to be set such as allow LSL scripts.  
Allow LSL when checked, scripts lets you manually edit the Allowed IP Addresses in Opensim.proto
Start Regions Sequentially:  Unchecked, the system starts a new region every few seconds. This can overwhelm the memory and CPU on slower systems.
UnChecked normally starts a new region if CPU is 80% or less. 
Checking this box will start them one at a time and wait for it to boot completely.  It will wait up up to 3 minutes per region, then move on.
Changes to Icecast ports or settings did not 'stick' would not overwrite file.
More Help on Loopback, Regions, Start/Stop

2.73
OAR filesave would dump one region into all OARS. not just one
Sort Chooser screen
BaseURL was incorrect in some 2.72

2.72
Simple Google HTML Map added to http://localhost:8002/wifi/map.html
Allow only letters, numbers '.' and '-' in DNS names/IP Addresses
New User Home X,Y,Z:  Users that create accounts on the web page will land at this spot on your Welcome region with their home set here so they can hypergrid back home.
Simplified INI constants updated from Jeff Kelly, thanks!
Suppress crash if Outworldz webserver is offline and you have Publicity checked - threaded apartment violation

2.71
Improvements to Start/Stop/Edit/Restart popup - no more double clicking effect
Try catch in case any ports were blanked out
Mysql Region port set to same as Mysql robust port on initial startup.
Removed several duplicated licenses.

2.7
Added AGPL license popup on first start
Added Startup Help on first run
Region Database can be set to a different machine and port
Clicking a region brings in region menu it to the foreground
Tab indexes set for Common Settings
Allow multi-instances. This means you can run two different folders at the same time. You must use different ports.

2.69
"Run as Administrator" for the webserver because Icons would not change reliably. Now uses a webserver class. 
Removed limit on number of regions. Was 100 to 200 before.
New "Deregister button" for region when two sims overlap.
New Rev 2.4 Teleports in the Local IARs that do not spam the console.
Log at INFO level for production use.
Many AutoRestart improvements. Recycle icon added. 
Clicking a Region gives a context sensitive Start/Stop/Recycle/Edit form.
Console titles sometimes would not 'take'. Fixed for good.
Allow blank DNS name which means to use the LAN IP.
Add Vista compativility, also 7, 8, 10 compatible.
Help-> "View All Logs" Menu .
Help-> "View Revisions" link.
Help-> "Clear Server Cache" sixes and informational messages.
Help-> "Help on Settings" Menu

2.68
V4 updater and installer 
rm broken OpenSim.Addons.AutoRestart.dll
Deregister region button in RegionForm
Hide Icecast if consoles are hidden

2.67
Show robust Windows when console commands are sent.
Show Recycle Icons all the way down when autorestarting

2.66
Recycle Icons when autorestarting
Datasnapshot checkbox would not save
Saving a region popped it into a new DOS box. 

2.65
Icon fixes for speed
Console shows stats every 5 minutes
White Web page had bad color on edit and delete user buttons
Added help for publicity

2.64 
Oops, reset mysql Log size = 10M, not 2M, tweaks to buffers and threads
Stop trying to run if Mysql fails

2.63
White pages look more like Black, only whiter!
Added a Help Menu for all internal help files
Help for RegionList and many other modules
Speed up crashrecovery in Mysql
Zip builder cleanup 
Blank Database changes

2.61
Console hideable when booted
Fix settings bug making a shortcut each boot
Don't auto restart if MySetting.AutoRestartInterval() = 0
Don't process login shutdown message in JSON - doesn't work and irritates the icons
Suppress possible error in Upload Image
Personality timer now running
Always upload photo if there is one 
Doubled estate bug fixed in regions.

2.59
Web timer set to 1 ms for speedier response
Added Publicity Form

2.58
Help files pop up on form load, once.
Regiontype = Estate in viewer
Added many Help files 
Autobackup went to wrong folder on Key files backup

V2.57 
Setting page changed to discrete Form Buttons - no more Expert screen
Wifi pages has two themes: B&W or W&B with choosable theme image
Add built-in Help pages 
UpdaterGridV3 released with progress reporting.

V2.56
Possible crash fix.

V2.55
Faster exit of app when regions are combined
Print count of things cleared from caches
Do not stop MySQL if already running
Updates re-enable check for updates
Faster refresh of Region Form when something changes
 
V2.54
Suppress clutter - only one Dreamgrid form of each type
Added a "backup critical files" to the Content menu - copies both Wifi folders, all Regions and Mysql\data folder plus Settings.ini to Autobackup in a new folder by Date/Time
An Update prompts to make a critical files backup first.
Add Help Links for OAS and IARS and Technical Information
Fixed Region_Gods switch not being displayed in Expert menu
Cache adjusted to save disk space and use a 1 minute RAM cache
Check for Updates sets Check flag back on.

V2.53  
Stop crash in CheckPost, make birds be REALLY disabled when it is off by renaming the DLL

V2.52 
Click Ctrl R or Settings->Region brings the regions panel to the front unless it is minimized.
Autorestart can be set to low values if Autobackup is off. Otherwise it is set to AutoBackup interval + 0.5 hour to allow time for backup
Fixed issue where Autorestart did not always restart a region by running websever and exit handlers on a timer
Prompt at exit to leave Opensim running.
Gifs should resize on large font machines.
Birds crash prevented on some sims by renaming OpenSimBirds.Module.dll to .bak.
Recompiled and signed all files

V2.51
Forms remember their last moved-to position. 

V2.50
Form Region now set to full size - no more [More] Button

V2.49
Some forms not set to Autoscale as DPI for high rez monitors.
More intuitive Click action on the Chooser form - Single click a cell selects the entire row, double click selects and OK's it.

V2.48
Startup sometimes checked the wrong region port when starting an offline region.

V2.47
You can create a New Group Name when installing a new region, or select an existing Group Name
Rename of region could throw an error on a blank name
Forms have Tab key reordered
Icons on all forms
Skip UPnP for Icecast if disabled (minor speedup of boot time)
Set INI for all regions, even if disabled, so you can start them at any time, add +1 to new regions ports
Upnp Manager try-catch on bad routers

V2.46 
Could not save a region name due to a bad variable name

V2.45
More graceful test of regions running at shutdown 
Region settings for Physics, once set, would not unset.

V2.44
Primlimits global setting was not being used.  If Primlimits global is off, no prim limits are enforced
Set Ip to LAN IP if loopback test fails. Before it would still set WAN IP.
Set all region ports from base setting when a region is added or deleted
Deleting Caches no longer deletes script state.

V2.43
Upgrade always set region ports to 8004, or 1 on new installs- now it uses the lowest port it finds or 8004.
Birds recompiled

V2.42 
If AutoBackup folder does not exist, restore the defaults.
Console logging lowered to INFO from DEBUG 
Cryptographically re-signed all EXE and DLL's
LoginURL exposed to get_grid_info had an extra space in it
Opensim.log now appears in each Region folder in each Group
Support > 4 TB HDD in MySQL

V2.41
Tide High and Low Water levels were swapped

V2.4
Fix crash in Birds on quit
200 region capacity
Progress bar fix
Stop Memory leak in HttpServer_OpenSim.dll

V2.39
No need to enable  "Allow LSL to reach the server" switch to use the teleporter
fix DNS names with :8002 and http://

V2.38
Teleport IAR makes a Grid-wide Teleporter for the first 32 regions.

V2.37 
Auto Restart interval for each Region Instance
Tides module lets you have working tides and floating objects that move with the water
Includes an IAR with a floating buoy

V2.36
Regions auto-count up

V2.35
God mode was always off, and could only be enabled in regions.

V2.34
Add an extra {ENTER} befgore typing commands

V2.33
Single threaded updater - the multi-threaded version would not start a thread on some machinery.
Gloebits Sell enabled bug fixed by setting sell explictly true
Bird Startup Fix
More Region Error check
Maps shows a blank tile when off.
Maps in Region Panels match Global if set to default
No accept button for TOS needed.
Better map for Better map image
Tos does not require an acceptance
Birds have two on/off, one global and one for region

Added a totally blank database for restart from Zero


V2.32 

"Load Local IAR" and "Load Local OAR" menu items so you can quickly find your local OARS. These links scan the Outworldzfiles\OAR and \IAR folders  for files.

V2.31

Explicit casts (warnings removed)
DataSnapshotCheckBox was not showing check on form load 
Clicking Accept on TOS gave an error.
Default for AutoRestart set to off (0 minutes)
Force region to foreground when typing in commands

V2.30
Made from OpenSimulator 0.9.1.dev.24df1086fa 05-24-2018 (same as OsGrid)

Suitcase or No Suitcase? A suitcase protects your inventory from rogue grids. When you are on another grid, you can only access what is in your suitcase. You can now disable the suitcase and rez objects from anywhere in your inventory while on foreign grids.
Prim limits: Opensimulator can enforce a prim limit. Landlords can enable it to enforce MAXPRIMS on each parcel. MAXPRIMS can be set in each Region panel under 'More'
DataSnapshot for any prims marked as "show in Search". This replaces the broken Diva search. It works across all DreamGrids.
 - Prim Info (location, for sale, etc.) is sent to http://hyperica.com/. The actual search engine is under development. Enable this in Settings-Expert at bottom left corner.
 - Classified ad will soon be possible across the Outworldz.
Mail Exposed more SMTP email server settings than just Gmail.
Publicity Upload an image and description to Hyperica.com's Hypergrid list.
Region Fixes You can add a region and immediately start it. Or delete a region, and nothing will break.  Clicking a region prompts you to start/stop. 
Backups changed into separate robust and opensim.sql region files. 
Clickable Console commands
 - Show lots of stats about any region.
 - User Management, Add, Show info
 - Log level management
 - Script On/Off Management
Auto-repair of port conflicts.
Dreamgrid tracks Up/Down and avatar status for p to 100 regions.
Includes Opensimulator Source code and compile commands
HTML editor for TOS for web page
Blue 3-prim box icon!

Modules:
 - Web stats module for grid ops
 - Server Release Notes Module by Fly Man adds these notes to Help About
 - Auto Restart Module by Fly Man. You can AutoRestart regions automagically with a timer. If no avatars are in the region, it will auto-reset periodically. This clears RAM used by visitors and helps maintain stability. 240 minutes (4 hours) is the default.
 - Birds Module by jonc and Jak Daniels: 

There is an IAR called ?!OpensimBirds.iar? in the top of the Free Avatar Parts menu. Click it to load into your master avatar, just like any other IAR. To use this, log in and rez a bird from Objects/OpensimBirds. There are two types, SeaGull1 and SeaGull2.  Type this onto the region console:

birds-prim SeaGull1 <enter> (or use SeaGull2, whichever bird you have put out)
birds-start<enter>

 You should see a flock of birds fly around you and gather into a flock. 

 To make the birds auto fly, edit Outworldzfiles\Opensim\bin\startup_commands.txt.example and add the same commands. Save the file as "startup_commands.txt" and restart the system. Your birds will start to fly immediately.  This is System-Wide feature.  To make it per-region, move the Birds.ini file into Opensim\bin\Regions\<Groupname>\<SomeRegionName>.

Console commands:

birds-start - Start Birds Flocking to region Welcome
birds-enable - Enable Birds Flocking to region Welcome
birds-disable - Disable Birds Flocking to region Welcome
birds-size <num> - Adjust the size of the flock to region Welcome
birds-prim <name> - Set the prim used for each bird to that passed in to region Welcome
birds-speed <num> - Set the maximum velocity each bird may achieve to region Welcome
birds-force <num> - Set the maximum force each bird may accelerate to region Welcome
birds-distance <num> - Set the maximum distance that other birds are to be considered in the same flock as us to region Welcome
birds-separation <num> - How far away from other birds we would like to stay to region Welcome
birds-tolerance <num> - How close to the edges of things can we get without being worried to region Welcome
birds-stats - Show birds stats to region Welcome
birds-framerate <num> - [debugging] only update birds every <num> frames to region Welcome

Biord Module Author: https://github.com/jonc
For more information, see https://github.com/JakDaniels/OpenSimBirds
